frederick:
Frederick the Great was a King of Prussia whose military acumen
expanded Prussian territory and transformed it into a major European power.
He was noted for his army reforms and victories against Austria
as well as his defiance during the Seven Years' War
where despite near defeat he held out until political change in Russia
(the Miracle of the House of Brandenburg) allowed him to emerge victorious.
He was also a noted patron of the arts and sciences and a friend of Voltaire
and came to embody the Enlightenment prince.
smith:
David Smith is and Aerospace Engineer with 31 years of experience in industry. 
He is in his 20th year as a Lecturer in the College of Computing. 
His primary accomplishment has been to design and implement CS1371, a course designed to teach Computer Science to Engineering students using the Matlab language. 
He wrote a text book containing the course content and has just finished drafting a video series for use in a “flipped classroom.” He has also taught a wide array of computer science classes.
In his previous career in industry, he was a software specialist and system architect. 
His most notable assignment was as the Technical Program Manager of the Pilot’s Associate program, 
a DARPA research program to determine the feasibility of applying artificial intelligence to support the pilot of a single-seat stealth aircraft. 
He has a significant number of publications from that experience, and was awarded the AIAA National Digital Avionics Award 
which he accepted on behalf of the 50 or more specialists who made that project work.  
He retired as one of the founding Technical Fellows of the Lockheed-Martin Corporation.
churchill:
Winston Churchill was a prime minister of Great Britain during World War II.
After a brief stint as First Lord of the Admiralty during World War I
where he advocated for the diastrous Gallipoli campaign
he was in the political wilderness until the start of World War II
where as a strong advocate of rearmament against the German threat
he was made prime minister after a failed intervention in Norway.
His defiant nature was critical in inspiring Britain during the Battle of Britain
and the eventual triumph over Germany during World War II.