smith:
David Smith is and Aerospace Engineer with 31 years of experience in industry. 
He is in his 20th year as a Lecturer in the College of Computing. 
His primary accomplishment has been to design and implement CS1371, a course designed to teach Computer Science to Engineering students using the Matlab language. 
He wrote a text book containing the course content and has just finished drafting a video series for use in a “flipped classroom.” He has also taught a wide array of computer science classes.
In his previous career in industry, he was a software specialist and system architect. 
His most notable assignment was as the Technical Program Manager of the Pilot’s Associate program, 
a DARPA research program to determine the feasibility of applying artificial intelligence to support the pilot of a single-seat stealth aircraft. 
He has a significant number of publications from that experience, and was awarded the AIAA National Digital Avionics Award 
which he accepted on behalf of the 50 or more specialists who made that project work.  
He retired as one of the founding Technical Fellows of the Lockheed-Martin Corporation.
kantwon:
Kantwon Rogers is a graduate student in the Human-Computer Interaction degree program. 
He also earned a BS in Computer Engineering and a MS in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Georgia Tech.
His research interests lie in the area of computer science education and increasing the involvement and success of Black students in the field.
stallworth:
Cedric Stallworth has been an administrator of educational programs at Georgia Tech for the past twenty years. 
He presently serves as Assistant Dean in the College of Computing for Outreach, Enrollment and Community. 
In this role, he addresses the national shortage of computing talent 
by creating a sustainable pipeline of talented students that extends from elementary school to Georgia Tech Alumni. 
Since becoming Assistant Dean in 2006, Cedric has held the positions of Lecturer, Research Scientist and Instructor. 
He has received several awards as a teacher and his students hold him in the highest regard for his passion, caring nature and engaging and entertaining lectures.
Having received his Bachelor's and Master's Degree from Georgia Tech, Cedric's commitment to Georgia Tech and its students is indisputable.
He is dedicated to motivating the creativity of students by exposing them to numerous opportunities and possibilities that computing provides.
elizabeth:
Elizabeth I Tudor was a Queen of England
who brought stability and prosperity to the country.
Famous for never marrying, she managed a perilous political situtation
and oversaw the defeat of the Spanish Armada.
Her reign is famous for the flourishing of English culture
exemplified by Shakespeare and Marlowe.
victoria:
Victoria was a Queen of Great Britain for 63 years
during whose reign Britain was the greatest power in the world.
She came to exemplify the principles of morality
which came to define the era that bears her name.
During her rule, Britain came to rule a quarter of the world
thanks to such leaders as Gladstone and Disraeli.
churchill:
Winston Churchill was a prime minister of Great Britain during World War II.
After a brief stint as First Lord of the Admiralty during World War I
where he advocated for the diastrous Gallipoli campaign
he was in the political wilderness until the start of World War II
where as a strong advocate of rearmament against the German threat
he was made prime minister after a failed intervention in Norway.
His defiant nature was critical in inspiring Britain during the Battle of Britain
and the eventual triumph over Germany during World War II.
bismarck:
Otto von Bismarck was a Prussian politician
who rose to the post of Chancellor for Wilhelm I.
Using his theories of realpolitik, he was able to unify the German states
into first a confederation, and then an Empire after victory against the French.
He was nicknamed the Iron Chancellor for his skillful manipulation of domestic politics
and management of European politics in the late 19th century.
frederick:
Frederick the Great was a King of Prussia whose military acumen
expanded Prussian territory and transformed it into a major European power.
He was noted for his army reforms and victories against Austria
as well as his defiance during the Seven Years' War
where despite near defeat he held out until political change in Russia
(the Miracle of the House of Brandenburg) allowed him to emerge victorious.
He was also a noted patron of the arts and sciences and a friend of Voltaire
and came to embody the Enlightenment prince.