kantwon:
Kantwon Rogers is a graduate student in the Human-Computer Interaction degree program. 
He also earned a BS in Computer Engineering and a MS in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Georgia Tech.
His research interests lie in the area of computer science education and increasing the involvement and success of Black students in the field.
smith:
David Smith is and Aerospace Engineer with 31 years of experience in industry. 
He is in his 20th year as a Lecturer in the College of Computing. 
His primary accomplishment has been to design and implement CS1371, a course designed to teach Computer Science to Engineering students using the Matlab language. 
He wrote a text book containing the course content and has just finished drafting a video series for use in a “flipped classroom.” He has also taught a wide array of computer science classes.
In his previous career in industry, he was a software specialist and system architect. 
His most notable assignment was as the Technical Program Manager of the Pilot’s Associate program, 
a DARPA research program to determine the feasibility of applying artificial intelligence to support the pilot of a single-seat stealth aircraft. 
He has a significant number of publications from that experience, and was awarded the AIAA National Digital Avionics Award 
which he accepted on behalf of the 50 or more specialists who made that project work.  
He retired as one of the founding Technical Fellows of the Lockheed-Martin Corporation.
stallworth:
Cedric Stallworth has been an administrator of educational programs at Georgia Tech for the past twenty years. 
He presently serves as Assistant Dean in the College of Computing for Outreach, Enrollment and Community. 
In this role, he addresses the national shortage of computing talent 
by creating a sustainable pipeline of talented students that extends from elementary school to Georgia Tech Alumni. 
Since becoming Assistant Dean in 2006, Cedric has held the positions of Lecturer, Research Scientist and Instructor. 
He has received several awards as a teacher and his students hold him in the highest regard for his passion, caring nature and engaging and entertaining lectures.
Having received his Bachelor's and Master's Degree from Georgia Tech, Cedric's commitment to Georgia Tech and its students is indisputable.
He is dedicated to motivating the creativity of students by exposing them to numerous opportunities and possibilities that computing provides.